Hahahahaha
The teacher is not good
How handsome is that? You are not allowed to call me.
Okay, that Li family man, he, he betrayed
What are you talking about?
Damn
How dare you go behind my back to join Zhang Zishuai
Li siblings
What will happen to this old man?
Is the teacher
Can't you go back now?
The Lee family took all the ammunition
Zhang Dashuai's soldiers are attacking
If you go back now, you will die.
How could things be like this?
Hey, teacher
I have an idea
What are your ideas?
Come prepared today.
We have no chance of winning
Only surrender
If you care that the second captain is handsome and the division commander will go there
Sister, shameless, the teacher still has face
Our culture
Can't be a pack of lions at this time?
If you continue to resist now
When will it be?
Us brothers
No one is dead
Stop talking
Let me think about it, big brother.
Big brother, what's going on outside now?
Brother, hurry up and pack your things
Leave this patrol town
So as not to come naked
Brother, no matter what difficulties happen
If you need my help, just say so.
I can definitely help
you
You can't help
The family took all their hopes away
Now handsome troops are coming to the city
It's useless even if the time comes.
Brother, if you just get ammunition
I can help you get it out.